                                                                         | 75
Following the depletion of natural resources on Earth, countries began to
turn on one another, and the conflict turned nuclear. More than a century
later, humanity had largely recovered from the apocalypse and banded
together under the banner of the Terran Federation. Advancing rapidly in
science and technology, they soon took to the stars. However, their
colonization efforts drew the ire of hostile entities. Forced to embrace
arms once again, the Federate government authorized the creation of an
armed forces. By the year 2563, the Terran Federation found itself largely
at peace. However, this year saw stability threatened internally with the
start of the Free Worlds movement, who were opposed to the regulations of
of the Federation and wished for a more laissez-faire approach to
governing. The Federation refused, however, and as the movement grew, 
several corporate leaders also started backing the Free Worlds. The
Federate government grew suspicious, and sent an investigation, which
revealed that the Free Worlds actually started as an astro-turf movement
by corporations. However, by now, the movement had grown to encompass
those genuinely wishing for more freedom. Tensions grew, and the citizenry
was divided, but the final straw was the bombing of a Federate building in
the Antollare system in 2752. Immediately, the Free Worlds declared
themselves independent, and with the help of their corporate backers
(including weapons and aerospace conglomerates), quickly seized
surrounding systems. Classifying the Free Worlds as a terrorist group, the
Terran Federation issued a declaration of war, and mobilized forces. As of
2758, the war has focused on four systems that are the heart of the Free
Worlds, with Antollare being one of them. As part of the assault, you, at
the helm of the Archimedes-class heavy frigate Peacemaker, are about to
enter combat.